## welcome to {Errupt}[http://infinite-lake-6652.herokuapp.com/].

As developers we often run in to errors, and it's our job to figure out how to fix it. We may spend minute, hours, or even days trying to fix one error, losing some hairs and tempers along the way. THe routine is almost always the same. If we can't immediately pinpoint the solution to an error, we usually try some assumptions, google for the error, or if we're lucky, ask another dev buddy if they have any idea how to fix it.

However, when was the last time you took a few minutes to write down a big error you ran in to, along with how you finally solved, and maybe even take note of which approaches didn't work? What if you or someone else runs i to thwe exact same error a few weeks, months or even years down the line. Will you remember how you fixed it? You may try to look through your code from a previous project trying to figure out how you fixed it, or spend hours trying to find that one google search result which had the answer. It all results in time wasted.

Enter Errupt. 

Errupt allows you to keep a log of errors, along with screenshots and additional details such as the technologies you are using, including the language and framework version numbers. These small details can make a big difference. Perhaps, the way you solve an error in Ruby on Rails 4 is not the same as how you would fix it in Rails 3. Keeping a detailed error log helps you and others developers approach a problem with more knowledge while reducing the chance of having to do the same work twice.

Features:

* Log errors as they occur
* Log multiple solutions, including ones that didn't work
* Tag error logs to find them easily
* A dashboard gives you a simple overview
* Detailed log attributes such as software version numbers give you meaningful insights
* Access to error solutions posted by others to help you solve your own

#### This product is still under development. Please report any bugs you come across.

Technologies used:

``` ruby
Rails 4.1.4
Ruby 2.0
postgreSQL
devise', '~> 3.3.0' (user authentication)
gem 'paperclip', '~> 4.2.0' (image uploads)
gem 'aws-sdk', '1.53.0' (image hosting)
gem 'foundation-rails', '5.3.3.0' (layout and styling)
gem 'will_paginate', '~> 3.0' (pagination)
```

####

This app was written with a TDD approach for models and controllers. The test suite has a lot to room to grow, and I'll be adding more along the way. 

Testing is done with rspec. To run the suite, bundle first and run rspec. For a detailed coverage report, uncomment lines 1-2 in the rails helper for SimpleCov. Ther are 4 tests in the errorlogs controller spec which may fail due to how user authentication is handled. This needs to be worked on. Integration tests are also needed.